Suggest using `git range-diff` (#1092)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/git.md

Once you're all done fixing the conflicts, you need to stage the files that had
conflicts in them via `git add`. Afterwards, run `git rebase --continue` to let
Git know that you've resolved the conflicts and it should finish the rebase.

Once the rebase has succeeded, you may want to review the changes between your
old branch and your new one. You can do that with the `git range-diff master
@{u} HEAD` command, which can be very helpful when you had a complicated rebase
and you want to make sure you changed the right things. Unlike in regular Git
diffs, you'll see a `-` or `+` next to another `-` or `+` in the range-diff
output. The marker on the left indicates a change between the old branch and the
new branch, and the marker on the right indicates a change you've committed. So,
you can think of a range-diff as a "diff of diffs" since it shows you the

> differences between your old diff and your new diff.

Reviewer: This is in the tutorial section ("how do I rebase at all"). I would prefer to move it to "advanced rebasing".

Author: I guess it is a somewhat advanced feature, though I use it on pretty much every rebase. The problem with putting it in the advanced section is I worry people won't see it.

Even though it can be a bit confusing to use the command at first, I think it makes rebasing much easier.

On the other hand, I don't want to overwhelm people and make them think it's necessary before doing any rebasing.

So, do you still think it should move?

Reviewer: Yes, I think so. I think the initial guide should be limited to things people strictly need to rebase. I'm not too worried about people not seeing it - or I guess, I think it's not a big deal if they don't.

Author: Maybe we could add a link to the range-diff section from the tutorial section so people can look at it if they want?

Reviewer: The section is about 2 paragraphs directly below, it will be the next thing you see if you keep reading. I'm not sure why you think it's hard to find.

Author: I think I just feel like range-diff has been extremely helpful and I want to make sure people see it, even if it's not that far down. But I'm okay with skipping a link 👍

because they only represent "fixups" and not real changes. For example,
`git rebase --interactive HEAD~2` will allow you to edit the two commits only.

### `git range-diff`

After completing a complicated rebase, or even a relatively simple one, you may
want to review the changes between your old branch and your new one. You can do

> that with the `git range-diff master @{u} HEAD` command, which can be very

Reviewer: Maybe say that `@{u}` means the upstream branch? I had to figure it out by experimenting.

Author: I added a bunch more detail, let me know what you think.

because they only represent "fixups" and not real changes. For example,
`git rebase --interactive HEAD~2` will allow you to edit the two commits only.

### `git range-diff`

> After completing a rebase, and before pushing up your changes, want to review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing a rebase, and before pushing up your changes, you may want to review
```

Author: Thanks, good catch!

because they only represent "fixups" and not real changes. For example,
`git rebase --interactive HEAD~2` will allow you to edit the two commits only.

### `git range-diff`

> After completing a complicated rebase, or even a relatively simple one, you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a rebase, you may
```

Author: Or maybe:

```suggestion
After completing a rebase, and before pushing up your changes,
```

Because `git range-diff master @{u} HEAD` only works before you push.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me :)

want to review the changes between your old branch and your new one. You can do

> that with the `git range-diff master @{upstream} HEAD` command, which can be
> very helpful when you had a complicated rebase and you want to make sure you
> changed the right things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that with `git range-diff master @{upstream} HEAD`.
```

Author: How about something like this:

```suggestion
that with the `git range-diff master @{upstream} HEAD` command, which can help
you make sure that you merged the upstream changes correctly.
```

Reviewer: I don't see what that adds? We already said "you may want to review the changes" above.

Author: Yeah, I see what you mean 👍
